All righty, so we're almost done.
In our final step here, we're going to update the HTML template
to display the error messages.
All righty, so let's go ahead
and open up our checkout.component.html file.
I'll move down here to the firstName section
and around the areas of our ngIf that we had before,
so this is the coding we had before
for displaying error messages,
and so now say
or firstName.errors.notOnlyWhiteSpace.
So that notOnlyWhiteSpace,
that's a reference to our custom validation error key,
and we had that in the previous code that we created,
and remember, the key could be any name.
It doesn't have to match the method name.
However, I'm staying consistent here
because this is the same convention
that's used by the Angular validation development team.
All righty, so this looks pretty good here.
Let's go ahead and test this out,
so I'll open up a new Terminal window.
And again, before I start this,
make sure my SpringBoot app is up and running.
If not, go ahead and start it now.
All righty, so I can go ahead and start my Angular app.
And just swinging over here to my browser,
I'll just add some products here to my cart,
move down to the checkout page,
and up top, so we have First Name, Last Name, Email,
let's moved down here and hit Purchase,
and we have the fields are required.
That's good.
Now let's try white space, only white space,
and notice here our error messages still showing up.
That's great, so it works fine for First Name,
but it doesn't work yet for Last Name
because we haven't added the code, but no problem.
We know what we have to do here.
We have it up and running here with First Name,
so we'll simply update our code
to also work for Last Name and so on.
All right, but at least we know
it works for First Name right now,
so our not only whitespace is in play, and it's working.
Cool, so that's good,
so let's do a similar thing here for Last Name,
so I'll move back into my checkout.component.ts,
and I'll do something very similar,
so whatever I did for firstName here, let's just copy it,
and let's just put it here for lastName.
Okay. Great.
Luv2ShopValidators.notOnlyWhiteSpace,
and again, I'll just kind of clean up the layout here
just so I can see everything on one screen
without having to scroll left or right.
All right, so that's the coding in place there for lastName.
That's good, so we've applied it to that control.
Then I also need to swing over to the template
and add the coding there for the template,
so checkout.component.html,
and just move down to the lastName section.
lastName.errors.notOnlyWhiteSpace.
All right, so that's it.
That's really all the work you had to do
for adding that feature there for lastName.
Cool. I like it.
So let's swing back into our browser,
and then just do only white space.
That's good, and only white space for Last Name.
That's good.
Great, great,
so we've taken care of adding in our custom validator rule
to get rid of that all white space issue,
and then, for Email, that's already in play.
There's nothing special we have to do for Email
because our regular expression
will handle that for us automatically,
so the regex comes to save the day here,
so that's pretty cool.
All right, so we're in good shape here.
We have the customer up and running,
and our validation's in place
along with our custom validations.
Good job.